I wanted to just get out there and get a
you know vibe of the swell you kind of
each spell has a little personality and
you want to kind of pick up on that
personality what it's going to do this
well before the contest so that was
really
in a long period
and super inconsistent you know really
really inconsistent actually but and
with that West direction as well it made
it really hard to catch the waves up I
probably had too big of a board that
afternoon had a new bortles a 10-6 I was
trying it out and yeah I only had a
chance to go for two and both of them I
went down pretty hard and uh but you
know like i said in any young whether
it's a wipeout or a good way but Marge's
for me i'm always still learning so
yeah well Zach and paid a good friends
of mind and I wanted to be here to surf
and the support those guys as well in
the contest so yeah conditions were epic
for the contest I mean you couldn't have
asked for anything we could have asked
for was bigger swell but as in you know
the day water conditions water
temperature air temperature everything
was just like as good as it gets I like
I said that it was a picture perfect day
so you know I think they pulled it off
and the boys yeah might look good and
we're doing some high performance young
a lot of guys are hunting the barrel on
the inside and the double ups and here
he was going laughed and just yeah it
was a great day everybody was still just
because the conditions were so good
just one of those wells that have low
levels Saturday 10 wave sets our long
waits feel smaller on Sunday I think
like there's a whole nother frontier of
Marik's that is yet to even be seen so
you know I'm stoked on this well just to
see the potential for the future
Peter was like I'm 50 event some really
good rides specially the one of the
Peter took off like inside to the bear
the final data we all agreed to share
them on it was like you and five of your
friends surfing you don't want to hand
something down I felt like it was good
enough for me fourth place was with you
a little weird that Peter meld right
along and myself were all into Jason
marriage booty referred to as the bank
three and then all sudden there we were
in the finals and in that's how I ended
up finishing one two and three so yeah
Jade when they did come there something
you know between three or four or five
way and so got yourself a position for
the set you're going to get away
ice ice died for Peyton mouth I think
everyone was such like that he'd want
and he deserves it he's I've been a
pioneer at mavs and they're really happy
that those guys went first and second
and yeah it was a really good day I
wrote three in the first heat to in a
second two of the time in the final and
there was enough rhythm to to have a
great outcome so stoked on that overall
feeling in the Mavericks contest this
year was that min and it's going to be a
part of that event super thankful like
such a tight family and just to be far
off from Bristol
I was so stoked for him to be honest
with you he always been their guy since
I you know way before even thinking
about surf Mavericks he was that guy
that everyone was saying like pml is the
best surfing Mavericks and I see his
surf that many time and then he just
liked it he makes look so easy when he
will put like it the best performance
and the whole contest cut cut cut right
it's all back again
you